# VIDA
# VIsual Dependency mAnagement
Dependency, it sounds very strange, but everywhere in life
What dependency relationship? Here is a simple example of it, for example, some lessons Department of Mathematics, there are mathematical analysis, advanced algebra, ordinary differential equations. It sounds like some independent course right, but if you a a school in the past, you will find the number of ordinary differential will be used known points and high generation. If you skip a few points and high generation to learn ordinary differential, then you may be very difficult to learn. For such a relationship, I call ordinary differential logarithmic points and high generation of dependencies. But you might say, what is this, as long as the school's teaching plan a one on the past like. Yes, yes, students can learn over a door of the door, but if you are self-content? If it is not in the class curriculum on it?
Asked the man learned this course how? But in general dependency is a DAG (directed acyclic graph), which means that if you want to clearly describe some of the more complex dependencies is a very troublesome thing.
There is a solution, that is to use dependency management system that provides two modes of learners and managers (follow-up may be expanded more patterns), learning mode can be selected to learn which courses you can cancel a course of study (if forgotten), you can list what programs are currently available to learn. As administrator mode, you can add / delete a course, you can add / delete a dependency
